 ## ESRGAN Implementation: Enhanced Image Restoration

Welcome to the ESRGAN Implementation repository, where the ESRGAN algorithm, based on the findings of the research paper "ESRGAN: Enhanced super-resolution generative adversarial networks" by Xintao Wang et al., has been utilized for image restoration purposes.

This repository hosts an Image Super-Resolution project utilizing ESRGAN (Enhanced Super-Resolution Generative Adversarial Networks). The project focuses on enhancing image quality through deep learning-based super-resolution techniques.

### Repository Contents:

ESRGAN.ipynb: The Jupyter Notebook containing the project code.

test.py: Python script for testing the ESRGAN model.

### Cloning the Repository:

To clone this repository, use the following command:

    git clone https://github.com/sharathkumarreddy7/Image-Super-Resolution-Project-using-ESRGAN.git

After cloning, navigate to the repository:

    cd Image-Super-Resolution-Project-using-ESRGAN

Run the Python script to test the ESRGAN model:

    python test.py

Upon running test.py, the model path (models/RRDB_ESRGAN_x4.pth) is specified, and the testing begins, showing sample image names processed for super-resolution and images in the Results folder.

### Folder Structure:

LR: Contains low-resolution test images for processing.

model: Holds the ESRGAN model file (RRDB_ESRGAN_x4.pth).

Results: Contains the output images generated by the ESRGAN model.

### Research Acknowledgment:

This implementation is based on the paper "ESRGAN: Enhanced super-resolution generative adversarial networks" by Xintao Wang, Ke Yu, Shixiang Wu, Jinjin Gu, Yihao Liu, Chao Dong, Yu Qiao, and Chen Change Loy, who conducted the original research. The model architecture and methodologies presented in the paper have been adapted for this implementation. Please refer to the original paper for in-depth insights into the research.
